Include more details in DLEQ proof section. (#336)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

for advice corresponding to the implementation of this interface for
specific definitions of elliptic curves.

## Discrete Logarithm Equivalence Proofs {#dleq}

A proof of knowledge allows a prover to convince a verifier that some
statement is true. If the prover can generate a proof without interaction
with the verifier, the proof is noninteractive. If the verifier learns

> nothing beyond the truthiness of the statement claimed by the prover,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nothing beyond the validity of the statement claimed by the prover,
```

I wonder if this is even _more_ clear?

Author: It sounds clearer, but it according to [this](https://web.stanford.edu/~bobonich/terms.concepts/valid.sound.html) is not correct.

> Validity and invalidity apply only to arguments, not statements.

This workaround is a safe option:

`If the verifier learns nothing other than the statement claimed by the prover is true, the proof is zero-knowledge.`

Reviewer: That works, but here's a slight rephrasing: `If the verifier learns nothing other than whether the statement claimed by the prover is true or false, the proof is zero-knowledge.`

Author: applied that suggestion

false, the proof is zero-knowledge.

This section describes a noninteractive zero-knowledge proof for discrete
logarithm equivalence (DLEQ). A DLEQ proof demonstrates that two pairs of
group elements have the same discrete logarithm without revealing the
discrete logarithm.

The specific DLEQ proof construction presented below is built on the
Chaum-Pedersen {{ChaumPedersen}} proof, which is proven to be zero-knowledge

> by Jarecki, et al. {{JKK14}} and use a product test batching technique

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by Jarecki, et al. {{JKK14}} and uses the product test batching technique
```

For any element `A`, `p*A=I`. Scalar base multiplication is equivalent
to the repeated application of the group operation on the fixed group
generator with itself `r-1` times, and is denoted as `ScalarBaseMult(r)`.
Given two elements A and B, the discrete logarithm problem is to find
an integer k such that B = k*A. Thus, k is the discrete logarithm of

> B to the base A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
B with respect to the base A.
```

for advice corresponding to the implementation of this interface for
specific definitions of elliptic curves.

## Discrete Logarithm Equivalence Proofs {#dleq}

A proof of knowledge allows a prover to convince a verifier that some
statement is true. If the prover can generate a proof without interaction
with the verifier, the proof is noninteractive. If the verifier learns

> nothing beyond that the veracity of the statement claimed by the prover,
> the proof is zero-knowledge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nothing beyond the truthiness of the statement claimed by the prover,
the proof is zero-knowledge.
```

Author: it looks that the definition of `truthiness` is not accurate [Webster](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/truthiness)
[`veracity`](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/veracity) is more formal

Reviewer: While veracity fits the mold, I think truthiness is more understandable to most people, so I would prefer to use that.

> This section describes a noninteractive zero-knowledge proof for the discrete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes a noninteractive zero-knowledge proof for discrete
```

> logarithm equivalence (DLEQ), that is, proving that two pairs of group elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logarithm equivalence (DLEQ). A DLEQ proof demonstrates that two pairs of group elements
```

> have the same discrete logarithm, but without revealing the discrete logarithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have the same discrete logarithm without revealing the discrete logarithm.
```

> The DLEQ proof is an important piece to achieve verifiability of the OPRF
> protocols of this document. Due to the zero-knowledge property of the proof,
> the server can convince the client about the consistent use of the server's
> private key while the client learns nothing about its value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think we can note this where the proof is actually used.

> The proof presented below is built on the Chaum-Pedersen's {{ChaumPedersen}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specific DLEQ proof construcgtion presented below is built on the Chaum-Pedersen {{ChaumPedersen}}
```

proof, which is proven to be zero-knowledge by Jarecki, et al. {{JKK14}} and

> can use batching techniques shown by Henry {{Hen14}}.

Reviewer: Can we point to the specific section of this thesis where the batching technique is used?

Author: done
